From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 557. In this episode,
Scott talks with Yuna Kravitz
about rethinking front end design
and development. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes. Today.
I'm talking with Yuna Kravitz,
who is a UI engineer
at a digital ocean. How
are you? I'm doing great.
How are you doing Very
happy to have you on
the show? I am constantly
going down your Twitter and
just starring all the cool
stuff that you build. And,
and then also feeling bad
about my own GitHub contributions,
because yours is so green.
Do not feel bad. There's
so many ways to contribute
to the development community. Not
just on GitHub. Yeah. Sorry.
I should not feel bad
about my not so green
get hub. Yes. Never, never
let that make you feel
bad. Those are just some
weird visual ways to kind
of get us into contributing
more. So don't worry about
it. I was thinking I
would just start making like
spell check people's sites and
then just do a pull
request today with like spellcheck
and then maybe it would
look like maybe people would
hire me. Then I think
that you're fine to get
hired. I think I'm okay.
So you, you put out
something really fun a couple
of weeks ago that I
just thought was so great.
I wanted to talk to
you about it and it's
a website that people can
go check out right now.
You might not need js.com.
You might not need JavaScript.
W where did you steal
this from? I stole this
from a website called you
might not need J cray.com,
which is not new at
all. That came out a
couple of years ago. I
don't remember exactly when, but
I remember I was just
learning development when that site
was out. And it was
really a good resource for
me to sort of realize
that J Cray wasn't necessary.
And there were a lot
of ways to do things
in vanilla Java script instead
of turning to a framework
instantly. Yeah, that site is
actually still super interesting. You
might not need jquery.com, but
it has like examples of
here's how to do something
in jQuery and here's
plus, you know, so it
is a little dated, but
it is a really interesting
perspective. I think the idea
there was that jQuery solved
a lot of problems with
browsers, specifically mending the gap
between possibilities and support on
browsers. So that's the big
reason why people use jQuery.
And then if you're going
to replace that with vanilla
JavaScript, they wanted to provide
a way that you can
ensure that the browsers you're
supporting as a company are
available to you. Like the
methods to do that on
the browser that you need
is there. Now I'm sure
that neither of us wants
to eat disrespect or pick
on jQuery at, but it
does kind of feel a
little bit like it made
JavaScript so easy and it
made doing stuff so easy
that people just used it
for literally everything. I think
we're seeing a lot of
that today, and it's not
that there's a problem with
J crew. I think J
crew was a great solution
is a great solution for
a lot of challenges that
we have on the web
today. And that's why it
was created. But I think
the whole idea of using
a framework without thinking much
if you need it or
not. And then the whole
idea of how dependency users
grow and grow from that
individual framework is a problem.
So the whole point of
writing this, you might not
need JS like little parody
was to sort of showcase
CSS and just to make
a commentary that we don't
need to always be turning
immediately to JavaScript solutions for
a lot of web components
that can be native or
can be done with a
mix of HTML and CSS.
You know, one of the
most canonical examples that I
think of as far as
like how JavaScript is, is,
is hurting us all is
let's say, I want to
put together a quick site.
I don't really want to
do all the CSS myself.
So I go to like
theme forest or something and
I find some great theme
and I look at it
and it looks and behaves
the way I want it
visually. It's like awesome. And
I pay for it and
I download it and I
open it up and I
go, Oh no, what have
I done? Because in order
to achieve that gorgeous look
that I wanted, for whatever
reason, they've done 15 different
custom JavaScript things and custom
bootstrap, this and that. And
I did not realize the
weight of what was beneath
it to do something as
simple as a hero image
that goes in, you know,
shows me an image slider.
It's not just cognitive weight
there. It's like physical load
on your user as well.
So yeah, that's a double
edged sword there and it's
harder to sort of style
things if they're styled in
JavaScript and you weren't expecting
that when you originally bought
theme. Yeah. I think JavaScript
because it's so powerful, people
find versatile ways to use
it, which is great. But
over use, I think is
a problem that we're seeing
and it has potential to
just make development more difficult
for more people. Do you
think it's because people think
JavaScript equals interactivity and if
something moved on the page
or if something did something,
when I clicked on it,
it must have been JavaScript.
So then I must use
JavaScript. Yeah. I mean, that's
a good way to put
it. I think that that's
still true in a lot
of ways you can't really
do a toggle with CSS.
I wish there was like
a, a toggle pseudo selector.
That'd be awesome. But you
still do. You probably need
JavaScript like in projects in
total overall, let's just say
that. And also JavaScript allows
for a lot of important
ad-ons to websites like accessibility
is not something that's inherent
in browsers, unfortunately, and you
can make a website and
try to create an experience
as much as you can.
But if you're introducing components
that aren't to the structure
of just like a plain
page, if you have some
interactivity in there, you probably
need to also include accessibility
considerations through JavaScript. So that's
like the biggest place where
something like you might not
need JS sort of falls
because a lot of these
examples while they may be
cool to look at, if
you're trying to make your
site fully accessible for every
user, that includes users who
use screen readers, users who
need the keyboard to navigate,
it's a high possibility that
you're going to need to
use some sort of JavaScript
to support those users. Yes,
we definitely agree that very,
very often, if not always,
you know, JavaScript is going
to be needed, but like,
let's look at that example,
you said like you wished
you could have a toggle
on your site. You might
not need js.com. You've got
a cool modal kind of
dialogue thing, which isn't, there's
not quite a toggle, but
you click on a button
and then it pops up
a modal and then you
have like a little X
and then it closes it.
That's, that's a little bit
of interactivity. That's pretty impressive.
And it's done in like
four lines of CSS. Yeah.
There are a lot of
creative solutions. And I, I
strongly think that the more
people we have thinking about
ways to write interactions without
JavaScript, the more patterns that
we'll have, but right now
people just turn to JavaScript
immediately turn to the patterns
that they know and are
even using patterns that are
included in frameworks to sort
of build things out. So
if I'm building a website
and I want it to
use a JavaScript framework like
reactor, Ember, there's likely already
examples and solutions out there
of patterns like the model
that are very intertwined with
the system they've already integrated.
So that makes sense. But
then if I don't have
that system and I'm using
these as examples, maybe somebody
that's new to this web
world just expects all of
these interactions, every single one
to require JavaScript, which isn't
necessarily true. I think a
good example is forms like
there's a lot within native
HTML form validation and like
uploading color uploading files and
like just picking colors. These
are all things that are
native to browsers and we
don't need additional plugins for
when I first started web
development, that wasn't true. We
needed to include a separate
form validation checker to make
sure that things were working
properly. But as browsers evolve,
these things are all just
becoming more inherent to the
web. So I think that
is really important for people
to realize that there are
solutions that they should look
into before, including other dependency
and adding weight that you're
sending to your users. Ah,
that's a good, that's a
good point. So then if,
if I look at the
site and you call it
a parody, but I think
you should give yourself some
credit for it. It's really
food for thought is the
way I looked at it.
Like you're using form validation,
you know, there's there's resources
like Mozilla's data form validation
page, and there's examples of
how to do like form,
you know, phone number validation
without necessarily including like a
regular expression in your, you
know, in JavaScript somewhere you're,
you're, you're not just reminding
us that CSS can do
stuff, but that there's HTML
five isms that some of
us may have forgotten about
like pattern equals, Right? There's
there are a lot out
there that I think people
forgot about or they didn't
realize existed because they just
turned to JavaScript for the
answer to that. Yeah. That
was kind of a big
part of this. Just kind
of making people think and
rethink if they necessarily need
to turn to an external
plugin immediately As a, as
a person that watches, you
know, designers and engineers like
yourself, seem to just know
this stuff. Intuitively I feel
like it's moving so fast
that I've I've become overwhelmed.
Do you go to websites?
Like, can I use, or
do you just know that
you can use something that
you can't use? Something Definitely.
It turned to can I
use, because I don't, I
don't know what the latest
browser technologies are. Like, I'm
constantly learning. It seems like
you all, do you know
what I mean? It just
seems like you all do.
Like, I feel like we,
you know, UI engineers just
seem to know this stuff.
And as I watch you
all on Twitter, it's just
like, Oh my goodness, I
need to catch up. I
think that we, not all
of us, but people who
keep up on this really
sort of religiously, like what's
new out there. I have,
I have a great curated
Twitter feed, just cause I
follow all these people who
are doing cool things. But
from that, it doesn't mean
that something is supported in
browsers. So that's why you
need to go to, can
I use and see if
it supports the browsers that
your company supports like today
I saw this really, really
cool feature that's coming out,
it's called color fonts. And
it allows for colors like
be Fiji's to become individual
glyphs in icon fonts, which
solves the problem that people
have of not being able
to use icon fonts, because
you only get like a
single color. It solves that
problem. And it also allows
you to create multicolored typography
on your page as a
single glyphs, which is super,
super cool. And I think
the possibilities are great for
this, but it's only supported
in Firefox and edge. So
you kind of have to
weigh those pros and cons
and see what's on the
horizon and also be more
realistic about what you can
use today. Yeah. That's a
tough one. And those are
the kinds of things where
you'll burn an entire, you
know, entire week trying to
figure that out, something simple
like, Oh, look, there's the
feature I need, but it
only works in this browser.
Then you're poking around at,
you know, websites from 2014
that tell you how to
do it in pure CSS
or how to do it
with SVG. And then you're
looking at all the 15
different ways. SVGs don't work
the way you thought. Yeah.
It's like that meme that's
like there are 14 standards.
We'd write a new standard
that consolidates all the 14
standards and just has one.
And then it's like current
status. There are 15 standards.
Yeah, exactly. And even when
there is a standard, like
I think we all love
SVGs. You had a great
blog post earlier this year
about, you know, weird SVG
consistencies. Like you can't just
drop it in like a
PNG and assume it's going
to work. Right. That's another
thing to be aware of.
Even if you do your
browser, can I use checking
beforehand there oftentimes bugs and
certain browsers that you might
find or uncover by accident.
So it's really important to
actually test in multiple browsers
before shipping. And this is
something that I don't think
anyone is like perfect at
doing, but if you create
standards in your company and
create like some sort of
testing suite or continuous integration
system to sort of remind
you to do these things
or enforce them, it really
helps with the consistency. And
I know that I've shipped
things that turn out to
like be broken in Chrome
on windows or something. And,
and that's how you learn,
like all the things that
you mentioned in this blog
post I wrote, it was
like three SVG and consistencies.
Those are all things I
discovered after I was shipping
something. I was like, oops,
let me wind that back
and see why that happened.
Yeah. And one of them,
like you had one that
was the blocky appearance where
an, you know, a, an
SVG looks fine and icon
looks fine. And then it
looks, it breaks an IEP
or breaks in Firefox. And
you spend a lot of
time thinking, you can fix
it with CSS or fix
it with HTML, or maybe
it's a bug. And then
you actually have to go
into the SVG document itself
and like modify the document
that clipping mask or whatever.
Yeah. That's exactly what that
was. I had to open
them all and illustrator individually
because there's no automated tool
to do that and remove
the clipping mask. One of
the great examples that you
did that really blew my
mind on your, you might
not need JS was a
scroll indicator where you have
a viewport with some stuff
in it and you're scrolling
and there's like a progress
bar at the top. And
that was done without JavaScript.
This is a really interesting
one because I think it
shows the power of visual
CSS, but also one that
I wouldn't recommend in production.
There uses notes now underneath
all of these, but Right,
this particular one says there's
no screen readers Or support,
but also mobile does not
find this very fun. What
it's essentially doing is it's
creating a background gradient on
your entire page to create
the scroll bar and then
it's hiding it. So you
only see the fixed area
at the top. And as
you scroll, it shows different
parts of that gradient like
it scrolls up. So it
fills up the whole bar.
So this is really like
an example of creative CSS,
something that is clever and
like a hack, but definitely
not recommended to use in
a production application. And this
one I found from Mike Mueller
and he's on the resources
on the, you may not
need JSP page for the
example. So yeah. Props to
him for that really cool
CSS hack that I do
not recommend you use in
production. Yeah. That one's a
code pen.io and you can
see it's made by Mike.
And he also says, I
wanted to see if I
could do this. You shouldn't,
you know, and it talks
about the consequences of it,
but that's such an interesting
one because you can see
why one browser might not
like that because you just
said, it makes a background
gradient on the entire site.
So somewhere it's calculating this
massive gradient and then hiding
it. Yeah. So it works.
It seems to work fine
on desktop. But again, if
your website is going to
be on the internet, I
don't recommend you just look
at your own system and
say, Oh, it works on
my system. So This episode
of Hansel minutes is brought
to you by brain tree
payments. Why make payment integration
more difficult than it has
to be? Braintree's powerful. Full
stack payment platform allows you
to accept nearly any type
of payment from any device
with one integration it's flexible
to your system's needs and
supports most programming languages. So
whether you're using Java, Ruby,
or Python, you'll always have
a range of service side
and client side SDKs available.
Braintree makes payments and your
job a whole lot easier.
You can learn more@braintreepayments.com slash
Hanselman that's Braintree payments.com/hanselman. So
do you, is the, is
the lesson here for me
to just check, always check.
Do I really need JavaScript?
Like at every decision, do
you do that? How do
you catch yourself from filling
up your pages with just
unnecessary modules? Well, for me,
the golden rule is start
small and then add on.
So if I can build
something without JavaScript, if I
can build it with just
HTML with no CSS, I
will build it with just
HTML. If I need some
kind of styling on that,
then I'll add a style
layer. If I then need
an interaction layer, I'll then
add an interaction layer, but
always start from the basics
and then add on this
is sort of the, the
idea also behind progressive enhancement,
where you start with a
base experience, and then you
progressively enhance your website to
include things that are additional
things that you might need
as you grow this component.
Same thing with a JavaScript
framework. I would not recommend
anyone just dive into using
react. I would say, try
to build it in the
most basic way possible. First,
try to build it as
a static website. If you
need more interaction than that,
then think about interaction then
think about if you need
another layer, if you need
a framework to build it.
But yeah, kind of like
what I was saying earlier
in the podcast, I think
a lot of people just
jump to frameworks because it's
the new hotness and don't
realize that building like a
single page, a blog does
not require a framework behind
it to stand it up.
No, that is a really,
really good point that we
should kind of like double
click on because it frameworks
have made it so easy.
It's so easy to just
go in there, start with
bootstrap. And as a developer
who is not a designer,
I am not a unicorn.
I it's overwhelming to me
now for some reason, in
2016 to go on like
open up, you know, notepad
or VIM and say, all
right, HTML window, black, text,
white background, and build it
like that. But when I
see really good designers, they
do just that. Cause they,
they build it exactly as
you said from nothingness so
that there's no more than
they need. Yeah. It's a,
it's a nice, like, keep
it simple principle. You catch
yourself, like, not following that,
like you say that, but
you know, are you going
to like hang up on
the podcast and then go
and bust out a framework
or is this really the
right way for us to
do it? Well, that's a
good question. I think a
lot of it depends on
what the product is. So
the only time that I've
actually used react has been
when I was like making
a side project just to
learn how to use it.
I've never found myself needing
it for any application that
I've worked on. All of
my personal projects for the
most part can work as
static sites with some JavaScript
that I write, like natively
for it. And then at
work at digital ocean, we
use Ember. So our application
does require some sort of
framework because it's this interactive
application that needs to speak
to like middleware and the
server. And it's a much
larger thing than just a
side project or a blog
website. And there are a
lot of reasons that we're
using a framework in terms
of sort of uniformity among
the team. Those decisions are
already made for us kind
of why we chose Ember
it's that there are these
larger components that require something
that is more, I don't
want to say heavy handed,
but more heavy handed approach
to a production web application.
Then a lot of people
who are just building like
smaller projects. Yeah, definitely. So
if you're building something like
digital ocean, there is a
certain expectation that this be
tight and clean and sharp
and performance. Well, you know,
a one off goofy website
that we might make, or
even my blog is somehow
less, is less important, but
like I'm looking at your,
your source right now for,
for unit dot I am.
And it's really, it's really
kind of classic HTML. It's
very clean. I do have
one question though. You have
a section called critical CSS
where you have inline CSS
and I've not seen that
before. I'm not sure what
does that do? So what
it's doing is it is
downloading the CSS that you
see as you instantly load
the page before it loads
the CSS file. So it
increases performance of the website.
It allows for it to
visually load before the server
has to send a request
to download the CSS file
for the rest of the
styling on the page. Oh,
okay. So it is literally
what it says. It is
the critical CSS and that
avoids that initial splash of
unstylish content. Yeah, exactly. And
I think this is interesting
because when I started web
development, there was like a
big, Oh, don't put style
directly on your page, but
there was a big push
a couple of years ago
in the performance community to
include critical CSS. And there's
a lot of tools that
can help you with this
one is called penthouse. There's
a few bookmarklets that you
can use to determine what
the critical CSS of your
pages. And then you can
include it on your page
to sort of reduce requests
before page load. Yeah, I
think there was an, there
was an article in smashing
magazine about the idea of
critical CSS. That's really smart.
Do you, do you spend
as much time, like I'm
sitting here like doing view
source on all your stuff,
making sure that I understand
it. Do you do the
same when you see cool
things? What I'm trying to
understand? Something I definitely will
view sores. That's absolutely a
way that I, I learned
to code. There was a
website recently at a conference
I spoke at called Mixon
comp and it's beautiful. So
I think that they took
it off now, but there
was an area where they
had these beautiful animated SVGs
that changed color at a
certain point in the page.
I spent probably 30 minutes
just investigating this. How did
they do that? I thought
it was really cool. Cool.
That's cool. And actually at
that cough, that was the
one in, in, in Perth,
Australia, you did a talk
called the joy of optimizing.
What were you optimizing All
about images? So the whole
point of the talk was
modeled after Bob Ross is
the joy of painting and
it was about making happy
little pixels like the littler
the better. So the whole
talk was basically about all
these different techniques for optimizing
assets, like media videos, images
on your sites, how that
is really the biggest bottleneck
in terms of web performance.
And also talked about some
new file formats that for
images that are coming out,
that people should be aware
of. Yeah. You, you talked
about how the average web
page sizes, as much as
like two or three minutes.
Yes. It is huge these
days and of that 64%
is images and that 64%
number has been consistent for
a while. Even as the
average website grows with every
run of the HTTP archive,
which is like a bimonthly
test that is run on
like the average size of
webpages today. So images are
growing just as fast as
the websites. It seems like
there are some amazing, you
know, new media companies and
new websites and new blogs
that come out and I'll
go to them and they're
looking at, they look like
the verge or they're really
pretty or whatever. And then
I'll do a view source
and I'll go, okay, that's
kind of cool. But then
I hit F 12 and
I hit refresh. And then
I do the chart, you
know, the bar chart thing.
And I go, Oh my
gosh, that's a format PNG
of a person like, you
know, Yeah. People don't realize
that they can make huge,
huge impact by just thinking
about reducing image size. Yeah.
Yeah. And they might then
go, Oh, I'll make it
a JPEG. But then it's
like a, to make JPEG
that's 2000 by 2000, but
then they resize it rather
than, you know, tidying it.
How important is that? Having
a, an image be the
size that it shows up
on the page? I think
it's really important. So one
reason that you might see
larger images is because of
the idea of retina screens.
So sometimes people save images
at two times their size
and shrink them down because
retina screens can show more
pixels in a smaller space.
But part of my talk
was sort of denouncing this
cause you really can't tell
that much of a difference
on retina screens. And also
you're sending such a big
file to your users and
you're likely not using something
like the picture element, which
allows you to send multiple
sources to your users when
they're on smaller devices or
mobile devices. So you send
this huge retina image to
a giant monitor, as well
as a small mobile device.
And that's why the web
is so slow to load,
especially when you're just trying
to send content here, your
user, like they want to
read the article, they, they
can download a lower Rez
version of your image and
then scale up from there
or just, you know, send
them the correct image size
in the first place. And
you'll save a lot of
size and memory for user,
All browsers do that. Now,
like for example, I'm looking
at mix in Coffs website
and there's a picture of
you and your talk and
when your talk is, and
it's a, it's a reasonably
sized image. It's maybe 500
wide or something like that.
And then I went and
looked off at it and
it's actually like 2000 wide.
So that would explain the,
what you just said about
retina displays, but the browser
would need to support that.
It would need to know
it's on a retina display
and do that little dance
where it's like, I'll show
it at a hundred percent,
but I know I'm on
a retina, so I'll show
it in super high red.
Right. And honestly, I would
really stress that designers take
a look at the differences
as well, because oftentimes you
will not see a big
change and you can look
at those differences and the
compare them to the file
size say because they were
getting to make the final
decision when you're sending in
your, like your images and
your assets. What do you
think about how medium does
that progressive image loading, where
it's like, Oh, it's blurry.
You know, it's not blurry.
I love that. It's great.
So that was sort of
another example that I gave.
How if I had an
image that I wanted to
send, I could resize that
to being really small, say
from a thousand pixels to
like 30 pixels. And that
image can go from being
like 500 kilobytes to less
than one kilobyte. What you
can then do is stretch
that image to fit the
container and then apply some
kind of blur to it.
So you can do this
with SVG. You can do
this with CSS, you can
do this with canvas and
then have that be the
image that your user sees.
So it loads instantly, and
there's still a color sort
of placement of what the
image make-out will be. And
then the user can start
reading the article while your
image fades in. They're not
waiting for your image to
load. And then it'll like
resize the page. Cause when
that image pops in, sometimes
change the size of the
people aren't cognizant of that.
So I really, really love
that technique and it definitely
saves them perceived performance and
lets the user start to
absorb that content instantly, These,
these, these thumbnails, these JPEG
thumbnails might be very low
quality, like 10 or 20%.
They're like, they're like nothing
and they're like a K
or two, right? They're often
less than a K. It
depends on what like what
size. So like the example
I gave was half of
a kilobyte, it was 30
pixels wide at like 10%
quality and unskilled up. It's
just like a blurry background
and it worked really well.
So I would recommend that
and then lazy load the
images in load them on
top or replace that image.
And you have a much
more efficient approach to displaying
image loading. Right. And then
maybe make sure that those
images are on a different
DNS, like images dot, you
know, dot I am so
that they, you get that
DNS parallelization as well. Yeah.
Interesting. So what you said,
alternate image formats what's coming.
So there are a few
things that you can use
right now, which I think
are really great. There's a
format called the web P
and what P is currently
implanted in Safari and Chrome,
I believe. No, no, no
opera and Chrome, not Firefox
and Safari web piece or
of stems from web M,
which is a movie format.
And it takes sort of
the same idea of encoding
the differences between pixels instead
of rewriting every pixel like
a JPEG does. So it
ends up being smaller. You
get like 10 to 30%
savings for VR, for like
identical size and quality of
a JPEG to a webpage
and also lots of alpha
transparency. So you can replace
PNGs with web P. You
can use this today and
then use something like the
picture element to replace it.
Or you can do service
eye detection of your browser
and then send assets for
your user. So that could
be stopping at what P
for JPEG or PNG like
YouTube uses these. There's a
lot of sites that are
starting to implement web P
because it does save that
like 10 to 30%, which
could be a lot if
you have a lot of
images on your site. So
I definitely say look into
a P there's two other
formats that I think are
pretty cool that are coming
out. There are open source
formats. One's called the BPG
and one's called the F
L I F or the
flip both are smaller than
like Webby or any of
the other formats that are
used today. I think flip
also sounds funny, But it's
cool. It sounds silly, but
like in, on the real,
the you're not going to
be able to come to
replace something like GIF with
something called web P that's
just stupid. But if you
call it flare, like I
could totally see that happening.
Well, fun fact about GIF.
If you're using a gift
and it's not animated, you
should probably be using a
eight bit PNG because the
compression on the PNG is,
is better. So with a
similar quality item, you're probably
gonna have a smaller size.
Interesting. That's a good reminder.
And then for, for old
school, people who are thinking
about, well, I just use
the IMG tag. Could you
expand a little bit more
on the picture and why,
what is the relationship between
the picture element and an
IMG? Yeah. So the picture
element allows for somebody to
send multiple sources similar to
the video element, which allows
a user to send multiple
sources. The browser support is
pretty widely supported. See, this
is another example, like I'm
not, I don't know, off
the top of my head,
what the support is. So
I had to look it
up, but you can send
different source sets based on
the screen size that your
user might be accessing. And
then you send an image
as sort of your last
input so that if the
browser does not support the
picture element, they could still
get the image fall back.
Ah, okay. So this is
part of that, that classic
C as the classic HTML
trick, where if I don't
know what the element is,
I'll just ignore it. Yes.
And with picture, you can,
you can either query size
and you can also send
multiple sources. So you can
send like a web P
before like a PNG and
it will load the web
P if and only if
the browser supports it. Okay.
So I say picture, I
have my alternate sources. I
have my web P I
have my image. And then
if I don't understand any
of those only image will
be seen in the rest
is just ignored. Yep. So
then these are, these are
techniques and formats that have
been around for awhile. How
long do we have to
wait years? Two years, three
years? Or are you saying
that we could be doing
this? Absolutely. Right now we
don't have to wait because
of these texts Not have
to wait for picture element
because I'm looking at this
part right now, it's supported
in edge Firefox Chrome opera
and not supported in E
or the current version of
Safari, but it's supposed to
be supported in the next
version of Safari. So that
means that you could still
use it and then send
that fall back image with
it As far as kind
of the new IAE anyway.
Well, I guess they're in
the same boat here. They
really are, so, okay, cool.
So people can go to,
to Yuna dot. I am
that's U N a dot
I M. And you've got
your, your, some videos, some
links to where you speak,
what do you have coming
up? Are you, are you
done for the year? At
this point? I am proud
to say that I am
not speaking at a conference
until March. Hi 17. Yay.
Wow. That's really cool. Congratulations.
I should do this. It's
overwhelming. Cause you really do
have to spend time building
stuff and not just talking
about stuff. Yeah. And I've
got a serve big project
coming down the pipeline, but
I'm excited to take some
time to settle down and
work on. I'm also moving
cities next week. So that's,
that's a big change. Yeah.
Life stuff. Very cool. Congratulations.
Life stuff matters. Well, thanks
so much for chatting with
us today. You so much
for having me, this is
definitely a pleasure. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.